in this short Facebook Ads guide video
I'm gonna show you how to quickly reduce
your cost per lead and sale without
using video ads split testing or new
campaigns the secret a new strategy
called the exclusion marketing method I
recently used a strategy to help reduce
my cost per lead from one pound fifty
nine to just seventy P which is a fifty
six percent decrease I'm n Heath the
founder and CEO of lead guru which is a
london-based digital marketing agency
and in this video I'll show you exactly
how the exclusion marketing method works
step by step you probably already know
that there are a number of different
campaign types that you can use for your
Facebook ads and by selecting a campaign
type you are selecting an objective for
your campaign this is very important
because Facebook will optimize your
campaign for that objective for example
if you create a traffic campaign then
Facebook will try to generate as much
traffic as possible for you they're
targeting algorithms will automatically
trying to find people within your target
audience that are most likely to click
on your ad this is a fantastic feature
of Facebook advertising and it makes all
our Facebook ad campaigns a lot more
effective but it does create one big
problem and I'm going to show you how
the exclusion marketing method solves
that problem now to explain how this
works I'm going to use a Facebook
campaign with the traffic objective as
an example but the exact same issues
applied to PPE campaigns which is the
campaign type that is automatically
assigned to your Facebook Ads when you
boost a Facebook post when you create a
traffic campaign Facebook will serve
your ads to people that are most likely
to click on the link one of the biggest
factors in determining whether someone
is likely to click on your ad or not is
whether they have already clicked on it
previously people that have already
clicked on your ad are obviously
interested in what you are advertising
so they are highly likely to click on it
again Facebook's targeting algorithms
know this and they will often show your
ad to people that have clicked on it in
the last few days on the whole this is a
good thing because not everyone will
convert into a lead or sale the first
time they click on your ad and come
through to your website after that first
click a lot of people will take some
time to think about what you're offering
or just become distracted and simply
forget about it you don't want to miss
out on easy leads and sales so
advertising to these people is important
but of course a lot of the people that
have clicked on your Facebook ad will
have converted into a lead or sell and
continuing to advertise to those people
is a waste of money you need to
distinguish between those people that
have clicked and converted into a lead
or sell and those people that have
clicked and not converted once you do
that you can then exclude people that
have already converted from your
Facebook ad campaigns I'll use the
exclusion marketing method to do this
for our clients it's a simple
three-stage process and now it's time
for me to show you how I use it
and how you can use it as well step one
is to install the Facebook pixel to
identify the people that have already
converted you need to be able to track
what people are doing on your website
and to do that you need to install the
Facebook pixel to install the Facebook
pixel the first thing you need to do is
go to the pixels tab in your Facebook ad
account then you need to click the setup
button and that will bring up a window
that looks like this here you have a
couple of options if you are using one
of the platforms listed in the first
option then you can simply select this
option and follow the installation
instructions otherwise you will either
need to install it yourself or hire a
developer to install it for you if you
don't use one of the platform's listed
in option one you most likely have a
WordPress website so I'm going to show
you how to install the face of pixel on
a WordPress website
but remember you always have the option
of hiring a developer to install this
for you you can find the developer to do
this for you on upwork.com or fiber comm
and it won't cost a lot at all so to
install the Facebook pixel on a
WordPress website yourself you don't
actually need to select the second
option you just need to make a note of
your Facebook pixel ID which you can
find by selecting option 3 copy your
pixel ID and then head over to your
WordPress website and go into plugins
the easiest way to install the Facebook
pixel on WordPress is to use a plug-in
there are a number of plug-in options
but my favorite is pixel cat install
that plug-in and then activate it and
that will bring up a page that looks
like this then you can simply paste your
Facebook pixel ID into the text field
click Save and that's it
the Facebook pixel is now installed on
your website let's move on to step two
which is to create a custom audience now
that you have the Facebook pixel
installed you're tracking the number of
people that are visiting your website
but for the exclusion marketing method
to work you need to identify the people
that become a lead or make a purchase
that way you can exclude them from your
target audience to identify these people
you need to create a website custom
audience so within your Facebook ad
account you need to go to the audiences
tab
then select create audience and custom
audience that will bring up a window
that looks like this there are tons of
awesome options when it comes to custom
audiences but for the purposes of this
video you should select a website
traffic here you'll need to change a
number of options first change all
website visitors to people who visited
specific pages then change URL contains
two URL equals and adjust the time
period from 30 days to 180 days now you
need to take the URL of the Thank You
page that people have taken to after
they convert and paste that into the
text field for example here is the Thank
You page that people are sent to after
they inquire on our website if I had a
Facebook campaign that was designed to
generate inquiries for our services then
I would exclude the people that have
already inquired and visited this page I
would copy the URL of this page and
paste it into this text field then
simply name your custom audience and
select create audience your custom
audience may take a bit of time to
populate with that step two you've now
created your custom audience let's move
on to the third and final step in
exclusion marketing method which is to
exclude this custom audience from your
Facebook ad campaign this step is very
quick and easy to do once you know how
to do it so jump into a Facebook ad
account and go to ads manager then
select the campaign that you would like
to exclude your custom audience from
and navigate to the ad set level in the
audiences section you will see a custom
audiences text field beneath that there
is a little exclude button and when you
click on that another text field will
appear go ahead and add your new custom
audience into that second text field and
save the changes you have made
now the people within that custom
audience will not be shown any ads from
that ad set and that will significantly
reduce your cost per lead
so because you won't be wasting part of
your ad budget on people that have
already converted in fact soon after
implementing the exclusion marketing
method on one of my lead generation
campaigns my cost per lead went from one
pound fifty nine to just seventy P of
course the exclusion marketing method
was just part of the story I also ran a
number of split tests to improve my ad
creative and my targeting options but
excluding people that had already become
a lead from my targeted audience
definitely made a significant difference
now before we wrap up I want to let you
know about something that will really
help you improve the results you're
getting from your Facebook ads and
that's a five-part Facebook ad template
that I've created and that you can
download right now for free in this ad
template I've included some FOB best
performing ads that we've created for
our clients in a number of different
industries I've broken each ad down and
explain what we've included in each and
why and if you're looking to promote
your business on Facebook then I think
you'll find this ad template really
really useful
you can obviously model from the
examples given and it should really help
you guys out so as I said you can
download it right now for free all you
need to do is head over to lead guru
Khoda UK and you can download it there
on our home page and if you like this
Facebook ads guide video make sure you
subscribe to my youtube channel right
now just click on the subscribe button
now I want to turn it over to you have
you heard of the exclusion marketing
method before if not let me know by
leaving a comment below right now
you